docs(gtm): add exhaustive documentation (#173)
algolia/search-insights.js: gtm/README.md

> - Vue InstantSearch 2.1.0
> - Angular InstantSearch 3.0.0

Once these values are available in the hits template, you can retrieve them in GTM.

1. Create a Custom JavaScript variable to find the element and name it `Find closest`

```js
function() {
  return function(target, selector) {
    while (!target.matches(selector) && !target.matches('body')) {
      target = target.parentElement;
    }

    return target.matches(selector) ? target : undefined;
  }
}
```

This creates a variable called `{{Find closest}}` that contains the nearest element matching the selector.

2. Create another Custom JavaScript variable and name it `ObjectIDClicked`

```js
function() {
  var element = {{Find closest}}({{Click Element}}, '[data-insights-object-id]');

  return typeof element !== 'undefined'
    ? element.getAttribute('data-insights-object-id')
    : undefined;
}
```

> This creates a variable called `{{ObjectIDClicked}}` that gives you the object ID of the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.

Reviewer: Thanks for this update françois. 
Shoudn't there be a variable of `queryID`, `eventName`, `position`, `index`?
A analytics click required all the following 
```js
{
  eventType: "click",
  eventName: "Add to cart",
  objectIDs: ["xxx"],
  positions: [2],
  queryID: "xxx",
  index: "xxx",
  userToken: "xxx"
}

```
Is it implied that a variable should be created for each of thses ? (expect maybe for the user token )

Author: It's implied but you're right, I'm gonna mention that.

Note that in my GTM example, I created variables for `ObjectIDClicked`, `ObjectIDPosition` and `QueryID`.

`index` and `eventName` were provided in the GTM interface. It would make sense to create a variable for `index` actually, but not sure about `eventName`.

`userToken` is its own "Data Layer Variable".

> - Vue InstantSearch 2.1.0
> - Angular InstantSearch 3.0.0

Once these values are available in the hits template, you can retrieve them in GTM.

1. Create a Custom JavaScript variable to find the element and name it `Find closest`

```js
function() {
  return function(target, selector) {
    while (!target.matches(selector) && !target.matches('body')) {
      target = target.parentElement;
    }

    return target.matches(selector) ? target : undefined;
  }
}
```

This creates a variable called `{{Find closest}}` that contains the nearest element matching the selector.

2. Create another Custom JavaScript variable and name it `ObjectIDClicked`

```js
function() {
  var element = {{Find closest}}({{Click Element}}, '[data-insights-object-id]');

  return typeof element !== 'undefined'
    ? element.getAttribute('data-insights-object-id')
    : undefined;
}
```

This creates a variable called `{{ObjectIDClicked}}` that gives you the object ID of the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.

> You can repeat this process for other variables: `positions`, `queryId`, etc.

Reviewer: I would avoid saying and rather explicite all variables that need to be declared with their related snippets

Author: I added more snippets in 72704023fec7d1f99fa3604afcb7b6ea91f520b5. Let me know if you think that's enough.

#### Getting the object ID

Create a "Custom JavaScript" variable and name it `ObjectID`:

```js
function() {
  var element = {{Find closest}}({{Click Element}}, '[data-insights-object-id]');

  return typeof element !== 'undefined'
    ? element.getAttribute('data-insights-object-id')
    : undefined;
}
```

This creates a variable called `{{ObjectID}}` that gives you the object ID of the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.

> We use [`getAttribute`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/getAttribute) to add compatibility for IE which doesn't support [JavaScript access to `dataset`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLOrForeignElement/dataset).

[Learn more about GTM variables →](https://www.simoahava.com/analytics/variable-guide-google-tag-manager/)

#### Getting the position

Create a "Custom JavaScript" variable and name it `ObjectPosition`:

```js
function() {
  var element = {{Find closest}}({{Click Element}}, '[data-insights-object-position]');

  return typeof element !== 'undefined'
    ? element.getAttribute('data-insights-object-position')
    : undefined;
}
```

> This creates a variable called `{{ObjectPosition}}` that gives you the position of the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a variable called `{{ObjectPosition}}` that gives you the absolute position of the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.
```

#### Getting the query ID

Create a "Custom JavaScript" variable and name it `QueryID`:

```js
function() {
  var element = {{Find closest}}({{Click Element}}, '[data-insights-query-id]');

  return typeof element !== 'undefined'
    ? element.getAttribute('data-insights-query-id')
    : undefined;
}
```

> This creates a variable called `{{QueryID}}` that gives you the query ID related to the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a variable called `{{QueryID}}` that gives you the identifier of the search query that returned the hit clicked. see [API reference for queryID]((https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/api-methods/clicked-object-ids-after-search/#method-param-queryid))
```

}
```

This creates a variable called `{{ObjectID}}` that gives you the object ID of the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.

> We use [`getAttribute`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/getAttribute) to add compatibility for IE which doesn't support [JavaScript access to `dataset`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLOrForeignElement/dataset).

[Learn more about GTM variables →](https://www.simoahava.com/analytics/variable-guide-google-tag-manager/)

#### Getting the position

Create a "Custom JavaScript" variable and name it `ObjectPosition`:

```js
function() {
  var element = {{Find closest}}({{Click Element}}, '[data-insights-object-position]');

  return typeof element !== 'undefined'
    ? element.getAttribute('data-insights-object-position')
    : undefined;
}
```

> This creates a variable called `{{ObjectPosition}}` that gives you the position of the hit clicked to reference it in the Insights method.

Reviewer: What's the reason for merging theses two props (objectIDs & positions) ?
